you know look what makes it tragic what
makes it laughable is that you know
these people are reaching out for
something meaningful they want something
profoundly meaningful written on their
skin to be with them to carry with them
on their skin until the day they die I
understand the desire the yearning in
their hearts for something profound and
philosophical when they walk into the
tattoo shop and what do they get these
people are putting a lot of money on the
table and they're not even getting the
Chinese equivalent of a quotation from
Shakespeare they are getting complete
nonsense
and they become walking billboards for
an old saying from Socrates the
unexamined life is not worth living we
all make bad decisions in life that's
your hand that is your hand are you
gonna wear a glove for the rest of your
life in public ariana grande the story
is not about cultural appropriation I
have just made a quick survey of news
websites and they all seem to want to
make this story about cultural
appropriation and it's not if someone in
Japan wanted to get a tattoo with a
quotation from Hamlet in English Hamlet
if you haven't heard of it hit play by
this young kid William Shakespeare he's
going he's going places doesn't Hamlet
itself in case you didn't know it's not
really English culture Hamlet Prince of
Denmark
hashtag cultural appropriation okay this
bunch of like English people English and
Scottish people were ripping off Danish
culture when Shakespeare wrote Hamlet
okay it's fine if someone in Japan went
and wanted to get a quotation from
Shakespeare tattooed on their hand
Westerners native English speakers would
sympathize but if they came back and
that tattoo was so
horribly misspelled if there were just
like grammar errors and spelling errors
in every word and like sometimes you
looking like what what is that word
supposed to be think of how badly you
would feel for them and you'd asked like
like let's say you're looking at look
sometimes you'd like on a letter by
letter pasted up is that supposed to be
the letter e and you realize the tattoo
artist the tattoo artist did not have
basic literacy in English did not have
basic competence to do this that today
in 2019 is what we see again and again
and again with both Chinese and Japanese
tattoos that white Western people pay
for and guys the main victims are the
rich that's the strangest irony of all
so like ariana grande your body is on
the line your reputation is on the line
you are a no-talent bum who makes your
living showing off the skin of your body
and you are writing this on your body in
ink forever
there is no eraser for that there is no
takey backsies right you could afford to
fly to Japan and get an actual Japanese
person to do this tattoo no questions
you could fly to Taiwan and have it done
in bite by up someone who's a native
speaker of Chinese who's probably very
good at Chinese calligraphy whether you
want Chinese or Japanese and by the way
in Hong Kong especially there's a lot of
both Chinese and Japanese tattoo artists
for interesting political reasons a lot
of the Japanese gangsters criminal
element get their get their tattoos done
in Hong Kong rather than in Japan so
it's actually quite a booming little
industry there ok ariana grande you have
options you have many different choices
you can make
and you disastrously made the wrong one
now the particular text of this tattoo
when you really break it down it's
actually much worse than what anyone has
said in the press that I obviously
haven't read every single newspaper
article but you know it is most of the
the white Western english-speaking press
is derivative people aren't really doing
original research or original thinking
um the the key word here that everyone
is translating as ring does not really
mean ring so again these are really
Chinese characters they're Chinese words
and then they have particular usage
within Japanese the languages the
written languages are linked they
overlap they're two separate spoken
languages but they really overlap in
writing and this is written in Chinese
there's not a single Japanese character
here right
not a single distinctively Japanese
character here the word here Lunn Lunn
zhadalan LUN it's an incredibly broad
vague word for to go around so you
really looking at this straight up with
no foreknowledge of what it's supposed
to say it looks like a really bad sex
joke it looks like some kind of sexual
innuendo cuz it's like seven fingers go
around and then the heart like seven
fingers take your turn like it seems
like it's trying to hint it something
like that is some kind of like dirty
double entendre and again the heart
doesn't help right you're reading it
that way top to bottom now it's true you
can kind of sort of force yourself like
if you know what it's supposed to be in
Japanese to look at it that way in
Japanese you can take this and put it
into Google Translate and come up with
some hilarious results people are saying
oh it still means like seven finger
barbecue grill and stuff like um you
know the simplest truth is that it
really means nothing at all
but yeah seven fingers go around seven
fingers take a turn it is an absolute
disaster oh you could have blame who are
you going to blame this is now a mass
phenomenon look I'm moving on to my
second example here which is vegan
leader James ass bee but I've had
contact this phenomenon for for decades
and decades of my life I used to be a
scholar of Buddhism and a lot of people
would get Buddhist tattoos and we a lot
of you guys don't realize is that
Buddhism involves internal cultural
appropriation the same way Shakespeare
does some of Shakespeare's plays are
in Venice some of them are set in
Scotland Somerset Denmark there were
elements of the exotic within
Shakespeare well guess what you know
people in Thailand want to get tattoos
in Pali which is an ancient language
from India written in medieval Cambodian
right or Renaissance Cambodian everyone
describe that period of time so there's
there are levels of illiteracy there
where the customer doesn't really read
or understand what they're getting and
the tattoo artists probably and one of
the most common things to see was the
actual name of the Buddha then the word
Buddha misspelled in Buddhist tattoos
Thailand Laos Cambodia all around you
you'd see this definites like that's
written on your body forever and sure a
lot of the time also just complete
nonsense being written on tattoos and
because of celebrity angelina jolie
angelina jolie got a series of cambodian
polly tattoos that's the ancient
buddhist tradition that comes from India
via Sri Lanka to Cambodia on to Angelina
Jolie's asks all these white people were
paying for vacations mostly in Thailand
and then we're trying to get Kim
medieval cambodian style tattoos
occasionally low Chenery san style and I
was seeing this go on so look again the
fundamental problem here is not cultural
appropriation the fundamental problem is
stupidity and maybe we find that harder
to deal with
so look James ass B I have one female
friend who is highly educated and has a
ph.d and reads philosophy and whenever I
showed her this I was like can you
believe these tattoos when she she just
write back saying uh-oh I'm looking at
these pictures and it doesn't have that
kind of effect I immediately go I'm
getting turned on look at these pictures
of just like you were an intelligent
educated woman how can you find him
attractive just given what the nature of
the conversation we're having here I I
honestly I cannot find ariana grande
attractive it's I'm constitutionally
incapable of being attracted to Ariana
Grande and you know the illiterate
garbage written on her hand doesn't help
okay this is James ass P this guy you
know
he's like the male vegan equivalent to
Ariana Grande except he only has one
song and every single one of his
concerts he sings it again and again
again his song is he used to be a drug
addict he used to have no direction and
no meaning in his life and then he
discovered veganism and now he's
basically like a spiritual preacher for
veganism so guys um what's mind-blowing
to me about this tattoo is both when you
take all the words together
it is completely meaningless and when I
show dative speakers of Chinese this the
vast majority them were not willing to
even say anything more they found it so
mind-boggling like it was just such
complete gobbledygook they just say no I
have no car I have no idea what it's
trying to like don't even ask me I don't
even want to look at it this is just
garbage look this is just completely
incoherent nonsense like it had this
effect on the more they found it kind of
shocking the tells you something of the
way Chinese works like if it's a little
bit wrong
it's totally incomprehensible but even
just stop and look at a character by
character this was a lot of work for me
to figure out the the penultimate
character here just take a moment to
look at that a got here circled for you
in blue brush stroke by brushstroke it
seems like the tattoo artists just
didn't have the attention span like yeah
this kind of sort of resembles the
character but not really no no like it's
just it's just wrong like it's just not
correct and it get most native Chinese
speakers when I show them that in
isolation they did they couldn't even
guess they did like they were just like
dude I have no idea what that supposed
to be so it's a little bit wrong it is
all the way wrong Sinjin huh okay huh is
the most common word in the Chinese
language and it's also one of the
simplest and easiest to write it is it
is the word meaning and this and that
the equivalent of and in English so if
you've been studying Chinese for just
one week you've learned this word and
you've seen it's worth a lot it is among
the most common characters and even this
if you just take a moment to look at it
brush stroke by brush stroke it's like
the tattoo artist just kind of wasn't
paying attention and ran out
how did you screw this up how did you
get the word and wrong in the middle of
this dudes chest and he's like Angelina
sorry he's like Angelina Jolie he's like
Angelina Jolie
he's like ariana grande he makes his
living going around topless showing off
his skin it's hard to say who is this
more true of Angelina Jolie ariana
grande they all are no talent bums who
show off their bodies for their living
and you're managing to screw this up you
think they're ruined it's the only asset
you've got going for you sorry this guy
does not get by on having a great voice
or dancing skills
shout out to James ass P but nobody's
showing up to hear you speak for that
okay
he is scraping by and his looks and a
lot of it is him finding any excuse to
take off his shirt and show off his
chest and do chin-ups yeah yeah yeah
this guy is basically a softcore porn
Instagram and whatever Hey look I get
fan mail some women some women find this
YouTube channel erotic okay I mean
that's you know we can yeah we can do
some psychological examination of I'd
like to think it's a higher quality of
person who masturbates watching a
ballast yell that you I'd like to think
that but maybe they're the most depraved
individuals of all okay so look
character by character image again and
wrong and then even this one here so the
the wrong if you just look look at the
bottom half of it you see there's a line
missing and that is again that is one of
absolutely the most common glyphs or
symbols within Chinese as a separate
word that means tree it's the tree
radical you know look what makes it
tragic what makes it laughable is that
you know these people are reaching out
for something meaningful they want
something profoundly meaningful written
on their skin to be with them to carry
with them on their skin until the day
they die I understand the desire the
yearning in their hearts for something
profound and philosophical when they
walk into the tattoo shop and what do
they get these people are putting a lot
of money on the table and they're not
even
the Chinese equivalent of a quotation
from Shakespeare they are getting
complete nonsense and they become
walking billboards for an old saying
from Socrates the unexamined life is not
worth living
guys there's a link below this channel
[Music]